I spent all the time I could get away from school working in the basement away from anyone.

Time was precious now, and I had an idea I should have tried days ago to speed things up.

Imagine you have a black box, and you suspect the box is a wireless communications device. You want to talk to it, but you're not sure what band it communicates on, or what protocol it might use. How do you figure out how to talk to it?

You just had to make some educated guesses and try to work it out, of course.

The size of the box is the maximum size of the antenna, which established some practical limits on frequency. The wavelength also had to be something that can propagate through the material of the box well enough to not noticeably heat it up.

For the network protocol, I started with guesses about how someone intelligent might design a simple message that would get a reply and go from there, trying a vast number of possibilities starting with the most likely ones.

It took about an hour of letting the test transmitter I fabricated transmit guesses at high speed before something odd happened.

Midway through bolting a plate onto the project dominating the basement space, I got a vague but insistent sense of something not being ready, and a sense of urgency, followed by the sense of being asked a question.

When I did nothing, unsure how to react, it repeated.

"Yes," I said.

Nothing. It repeated.

I tried thinking 'yes' at it.

And promptly lost all of my senses as for a long, terrifying moment I was floating without sensation in silent darkness, utterly isolated.

Then my senses came back and I was lying on the floor with an aching hip, head, and shoulder where I must have hit the concrete as I fell.

"Miss! Miss, please respond," Prometheus urged.

"I'm okay," I said. I brought a hand up to where my head hurt and it came away with some blood. "Probably okay," I amended.

Emergency user interface calibration procedure complete. User interface online. Implant at 89% mature growth. Would you like to authorize the wireless access request?

It wasn't quite a voice, more like the understanding of the words that a voice would lead to. An inner monologue without the words. Odd, but distinct and quick to apprehend.

'Yes,' I thought at it.